---
assigned: 2020-10-06 
desc: 'Listening to Developers'
due: 2020-10-08 14:00
num: h00
ready: true
---

This assignment originally appeared in the lecture notes for Tuesday 10/06 here: <https://ucsb-cs156.github.io/f20/lectures/lect02/>

# Homework for Thursday

This is your homework for Thursday; you don't need to do it right now (during lecture).  Just read over it and make sure you understand it.

Between now and Thursday, read over the part of the paper that you were assigned, and think about these questions, and write something in your .md file
for each of these questions.   This will count as an individual homework grade, H00, due Thursday.

1. (40 pts) For the aspect of software development that you were assigned, the paper describes some aspects of what software development in school is like, vs.
   what it is like in industry.  

   Now consider your own personal experiences in school.  Do they line up with what was reported in the paper, or are they different?  Is it a mix?
   
   In your `10.01/sect4.x.md` file (where `x` is one of 1,2,3,4,5 or 6), 
   write briefly about your own personal experiences in school that are relevant to this topic, and how they are the same or different
 (or a mix of both), as compared to what the interview subjects in the paper reported.  Put this under the heading `# Question 1`.  
 
2. (30 pts) Under the heading `# Question 2`, answer this question: What are the things that developers found suprising or different about industry in terms of
   this aspect of software development?   
   
3. (30 pts) Under the heading `# Question 3`, answer this question: What are suggestions for things students could do in school to better prepare them for
   this aspect of software development as practiced in industry?  
   
   These can be ideas from the paper, or ideas of your own; either is fine.  But in your answer, clearly identify whether each idea is your idea,
   or one from the paper.
   

# What happens after Thursday with this paper

After Thursday, we'll ask each of you to read the answers of your teammates.  Then, next week, be prepared for a full discussion of the paper.  There will be more questions to answer then.
